README.md, before:

# RE_think

A Flutter project made by Garis Miehlbrat and Pierrot Métille.
The project is a chat app made to debate around a subject. The user will be able to create new cathegories or subject and new debate groups. Users can communicate with each others in private or public groups and with private messages.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

- [Install Androide Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio?hl=fr&gclid=CjwKCAiAyfybBhBKEiwAgtB7fhbodCGzljOIOklC9Yvvlqf3bgdXQej5zjDeaaH-SlRKJ8yctW4mOBoC9psQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds)

- [Vm acceleration for Androide Studio Emulator](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-acceleration#vm-windows)
- [Install Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows)

## How to run the app

In android studio to run your app you'll need to select a configuration and a device.<br>
- In the upper right of android studio's interface switch configuration to "main.dart".<br>
- Then on the left of the configuration select a device where to run the app. It can be on an emulated android device, on a web page or on android phone wired to your computer.  (Be sure to activate [developer mode](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options) on the used phone.) 
- Now you can run your app on the selected device with the green play button.

## How to run test

Tests files are stored in the "re-think/test/" folder. To run the tests you'll need to change your configuration.<br>
- In the upper right of android studio's interface switch configuration from "main.dart" to "your_test_file.dart".<br>
- Then you can run the tests without selecting a device. Presse the "run" button to lunch the tests. 

## Code structure

A folder is created for each pages of the app and one for the main. Every folder have a view and a controller.

## LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 PierrotMetille

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Add how to compile with command

README.md, after:

# RE_think

A Flutter project made by Garis Miehlbrat and Pierrot Métille.
The project is a chat app made to debate around a subject. The user will be able to create new cathegories or subject and new debate groups. Users can communicate with each others in private or public groups and with private messages.

## Getting Started

This project is a starting point for a Flutter application.

A few resources to get you started if this is your first Flutter project:

- [Lab: Write your first Flutter app](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/codelab)
- [Cookbook: Useful Flutter samples](https://docs.flutter.dev/cookbook)

For help getting started with Flutter development, view the
[online documentation](https://docs.flutter.dev/), which offers tutorials,
samples, guidance on mobile development, and a full API reference.

- [Install Androide Studio](https://developer.android.com/studio?hl=fr&gclid=CjwKCAiAyfybBhBKEiwAgtB7fhbodCGzljOIOklC9Yvvlqf3bgdXQej5zjDeaaH-SlRKJ8yctW4mOBoC9psQAvD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds)

- [Vm acceleration for Androide Studio Emulator](https://developer.android.com/studio/run/emulator-acceleration#vm-windows)
- [Install Flutter](https://docs.flutter.dev/get-started/install/windows)

## How to run the app

In android studio to run your app you'll need to select a configuration and a device.<br>
- In the upper right of android studio's interface switch configuration to "main.dart".<br>
- Then on the left of the configuration select a device where to run the app. It can be on an emulated android device, on a web page or on android phone wired to your computer.  (Be sure to activate [developer mode](https://developer.android.com/studio/debug/dev-options) on the used phone.) 
- Now you can run your app on the selected device with the green play button. You can also compile with the following command : _dart compile exe bin/myapp.dart_

## How to run test

Tests files are stored in the "re-think/test/" folder. To run the tests you'll need to change your configuration.<br>
- In the upper right of android studio's interface switch configuration from "main.dart" to "your_test_file.dart".<br>
- Then you can run the tests without selecting a device. Presse the "run" button to lunch the tests. 

## Code structure

A folder is created for each pages of the app and one for the main. Every folder have a view and a controller.

## LICENSE

MIT License

Copyright (c) 2022 PierrotMetille

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to deal
in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights
to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell
copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all
copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM,
OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
